=Glory Back=
=Episode 13=
What happened to Chief Li?
Why did she only come
after you got punished?
After you revived her and handed over
to me, something unexpected occurred.
Lady Liu suddenly had a high fever
and lost consciousness.
Why didn't you tell me?
Chief Li wasn't aware
of our collaboration.
I didn't want to implicate you.
On the day I was punished,
you wanted to defend me
before His Majesty?
If you did, how would you explain
we know each other?
All our previous efforts
would be in vain.
And you would be implicated.
For the plan and to avoid implicating
me, you took the punishment?
If Lady Liu didn't wake up,
did you consider
what would happen to you?
It was an accident.
Since you revived her,
I believed she would be fine.
But you
must protect yourself at all times.
How I act is none of your concern.
But listen,
your life was saved by Qing,
so you can't waste it like this.
It's clearly words of concern,
but somehow, it sounds like a threat.
You can trust me.
I will do my best to keep you safe.
Because we are...
allies.
Come here at Xu hour every day
to apply the medicine.
No need to trouble you.
Now that I'm the Head of Yongfu Palace,
I can find a palace maid
to apply the medicine for me.
How did you become the Head?
I played chess with His Majesty.
I won and asked for this reward.
Perfect.
This facilitates me to investigate
Cao Zhen in Yongfu Palace.
The ice silk she collected
is still unaccounted for.
Why did you play chess with His Majesty?
Are all the things you're doing
just to gain His Majesty's favor?
Rest assured.
In this life and the next,
I will never serve the emperor
or compete for his favor.
Even if you wanted to,
it has nothing to do with me.
I'm just reminding you
of the real reason
you went to Yongfu Palace.
(That is)
(the stubborn
but kind-hearted brother I know.)
Why did you get injured again?
What exactly happened?
Don't worry. It's in the past.
Now that I'm the Head of Yongfu Palace.
From now on, we won't have
to fear being bullied anymore.
Was it your plan to get Su Dai
sent to the Cold Palace?
Being demoted to the Cold Palace
is worse than death for Su Dai.
Consider it revenge for your sister.
Karma coming late
is better than not at all.
I will never forget your kindness to me.
Get up.
We're like sisters.
Forget about the formalities.
Come on.
By the way,
I found out about the matter
you asked me to inquire.
The person who collected the ice silk
from Noble Lady Cao's palace
was the palace maid Feicui.
But after that, Feicui was granted
permission to leave the palace.
Leave the palace?
Noble Lady Cao cares deeply
for her servants.
Every few months, someone in her palace
is granted permission to leave.
I wish I could receive such permission.
Then I would truly be free.
Greetings, Chief Li.
It's the medicine for your hand injury.
Has your injury improved?
Much better.
Thank you.
Congratulations on your promotion.
It's all thanks to you.
I must admit it was my negligence
that I failed to ensure Lady Liu
woke up in time, causing you to suffer.
It's all in the past.
Even the most thorough plans
can have unexpected outcomes.
Achieving something great
always comes at a cost.
Feng Qing, your courage is remarkable.
Indeed, everything is within your grasp.
If you need any help,
don't hesitate to ask.
Actually, there is something
I need your help with.
Could you give me
the list of palace maids
granted permission to leave
by Noble Lady Cao?
Caiping, what do you mean?
Let go of me!
I am the Head of Yongfu Palace.
You are still a servant.
In just a few days,
your master has ended up
in the Cold Palace,
and Concubine Cao
has been demoted to Noble Lady.
Yet you've been promoted to Head.
How tricky you are.
Let go of me!
I want to see Her Highness.
Someone like you
needs to learn some lessons.
Sober her up!
Sobered up?
Someone as cunning as you
is nothing but trouble
if left in Yongfu Palace.
Who dares come close?
You dare kill me?
Why wouldn't I dare?
You intend to harm Her Highness.
Naturally,
I must punish you on her behalf.
Nonsense!
My position as Head
was bestowed by His Majesty.
If I die here today,
Her Highness will
inevitably get into a mess,
and even has to find excuses
to explain it away.
Let go of me.
What exactly do you want?
A wise bird chooses its perch.
Within the harem,
Noble Consort Wan
holds a high rank but is frail.
Noble Concubine Meng has influence
but lacks strategy.
Noble Concubine De has the princess,
but doesn't know how to compete.
Only Her Highness
is wise and foresighted.
Caiping, how could you
treat Head Feng like this?
Your Highness.
From today on,
please let me assist you
to help you get what you want.
Quite clever.
Just focus on doing well as Head.
Rewards will come in the future.
Yes.
I will try every effort
to assist you in ascending step by step.
(Noble Lady Cao is meticulous.)
(If I rashly mention the ice silk,)
(it would arouse her suspicion.)
(Better to establish a firm footing
first before further plans.)
Your Highness,
that lowly maid is not reliable.
Keep your cool.
I'm not like that intolerant Su Dai.
Anyone in the harem knows
that I am the most considerate
towards servants.
I'm sorry.
She's the Head appointed by His Majesty.
She might prove useful in the future.
But I wonder how much weight she carries
in His Majesty's heart.
Your Majesty.
I've prepared some pear soup.
Please take some and have a rest.
You're very thoughtful.
State affairs are important,
but your health matters most.
The hot springs in the West Hills
can clear meridians
and dispel cold pathogens.
Why not we go there
for a few days to recuperate?
You've reminded me
we haven't left the palace this year.
Noble Consort Wan's cold condition
keeps recurring.
The hot springs dispel cold.
Have her go with us.
Your Majesty, you are considerate.
If she learns of this, she will surely
be grateful for your grace.
Tell Noble Lady Cao to go along.
She's suffered recently.
Yes.
Why are you here?
To fetch herbs for Noble Lady Cao.
And
I brought you double osmanthus cakes.
What do you want me to do?
I came to thank you
for applying medicine for me.
Now my hand injury is much better.
I think you don't
need me to apply medicine for you.
I know how busy you are,
so I don't want to trouble you.
This time it's double osmanthus cakes.
It must be a tough task.
Say it.
What do you want?
Tell me or I'll eat uneasily.
In three days, His Majesty will take
consorts to hot springs in West Hill.
Cao Zhen will go too. And so will I.
Then, you can take the opportunity
to investigate Yongfu Palace.
That makes things
much more convenient for me.
I'll sneak back
and investigate with you.
Okay, I'll wait for you.
Many people are going to the hot springs
this time. Be careful.
The West Hills are dense with trees,
full of snakes and insects.
Lord.
Could you prepare some sulfur powder
to repel snakes?
These osmanthus cakes
truly aren't given for free.
But you found the right person.
In the army, besides healing others,
I excelled at making drugs.
Poison, mute drugs, knockout drugs.
I can make them all.
You...
I need this for self-protection,
not to harm others.
You may harbor no ill intentions,
but others might harm you.
Use it if necessary.
Alright.
In that case, please prepare
some knockout drugs for me
for any unexpected need.
Alright.
(Two years ago, in the West Hills,)
(someone released snakes into my room.)
(This time, I must take precaution.)
This is the sulfur powder.
It's no ordinary knockout drug.
The one who takes it falls into
a deep sleep and suffers nightmares.
By the way,
here's a smoke pellet.
Throw it on the ground
and it will create smoke.
Then you can escape.
Carry it with you, just in case.
Alright.
The harem is full of schemes.
It seems peaceful.
But who knows
what ill intentions are lurking?
You need to be careful.
Don't trust others easily.
If you are in danger,
I might not be able to save you in time.
I suggested His Majesty to go
to the West Hills for the hot springs.
Why would Gu Wan
enjoy the benefits in the end?
Yingzhu.
Yes.
Deal with Noble Consort Wan
in the same way
we dealt with the late Empress
two years ago.
Yes.
(It's Noble Concubine Meng's maid.)
(Snake-attracting powder?)
(It seems Noble Concubine Meng
did it two years ago too.)
(Luckily, I have the sulfur powder.)
(It can repel snakes.)
Who's sneaking around there?
(Quiet Room with Books)
Greetings, Your Highness.
What are you doing here?
Your Highness,
I lost my way
and wandered here by mistake.
Raise your head.
I remember you.
You once came
to deliver the sericulture robe.
Later, you went to serve Su Dai.
You're clever.
What's your name?
Who are you serving now?
Your Highness,
my name is Feng Qing. I'm currently
serving Noble Lady Cao in Yongfu Palace.
You used to work
in Imperial Wardrobe Office.
I bet this is your first time here.
Yinsheng, show her the way
to the front hall.
Yes.
Thank you.
Your Highness.
I have kept the silk handkerchief
gifted by you.
May you enjoy eternal joy, peace,
and freedom from worries.
♪Drawn to you, I've never forgotten.
Nothing can keep me from flying♪
♪Fate may not fulfill our wishes,
but I just hope you are well♪
(Noble Concubine Meng,)
(I will settle
all the grudges with you.)
Snakes!
Servants!
Someone help!
Help!
(Noble Concubine Meng being bitten
by snakes must cause chaos.)
(I can take advantage of the chaos
to sneak back and meet up with Xuan.)
Stop.
Greetings, Your Majesty.
What are you doing here at this hour?
This is my first time here,
so I got lost.
Do you think I believe that?
I'm going to the hot springs.
You come to attend me.
(Why assign me a task again?)
♪Once a lonely sail,
without a guiding light♪
♪With the warmth you lent me,
how could I fear loneliness♪
♪Day and night together,
sharing joys and sorrows♪
♪Searching all under heaven,
my heart won't change♪
♪Fate in haste, looking back
countless times, you swayed for me♪
♪Among a vast sea of people,
faintly seeing the old self♪
♪Scenery along the way,
looking back, love finds its echo♪
♪Watching the bustling world together,
we write more verses♪